## January 13, 2026

I had planned to journal over the last few days but didn't, so this entry covers a few days.

---

Over my three day weekend, I spent about 8 or 9 hours studying for the Linux+ certification exam. Notes are in the new Linux folder in the sidebar.

For hands on experience, I have three Linux distros installed in VMs on my Arch Linux laptop:
  - Ubuntu
  - Rocky Linux
  - openSUSE

Each has a different package manager and I also installed a different desktop environment on each to broaden my client experience. I'm keeping these distros up to date on a regular basis using the different package managers.

I also learned quite a bit about Linux mail servers. However, I think I need some hands on time setting up my own test email server in the near future; there's a ton of configuration steps that I need to experience.

---

Last week wasn't great for my workout schedule so on Sunday, I did a reset, starting a new 5 week program (3x a week) using the Speedience machine. Unfortunately, I strained my Achilles on a treadmill run and took the next day off from strength training. We'll see how and when I'll safely proceed with my program.

--- 

I blew my Wordle streak on Sunday and had to start over. A friend turned me on to another NYT game, the Spelling Bee, over the weekend. So I'm doing that daily as well. This one definitely takes more practice and more time. But I'm improving quickly.

--- 

Recent videos I've enjoyed watching:

- [When Robin Williams Made Celebrities Completely Lose it!](<https://youtu.be/VbOpPJnhHpI?si=jVNHlU5Cz45a2ly4) I miss this man tremendously.
- [Love Notes to Newton](https://youtu.be/5kxRi34PqWo?si=V5UuizKRppDwrBhS) This is actually a long documentary on the Apple Newton, which I never used, regretfully.
- [Painting my 2025 Moto Guzzy V7 Sport](https://youtu.be/8T0ihPTrswY?si=L5s7POp45-bIT6We) I had a 2015 Moto Guzzi V7 Stone and loved it. I also loved this idea until I saw what they did to the gas tank.
- [Wired Headphones are Making a Comeback: Here's Why](https://youtu.be/vGH5220CHuY?si=ViKql_3biGAy3cxg) With my recent modernization of the iPod Classic, I appreciated this. In fact, I use the Koss PortaPro headphones highlighted in this video.
