https://deploy-preview-67--sensational-cranachan-4404c2.netlify.app/n/features/page-navigation/## January 1, 2025

First day of the new year and first day of journaling in several days. It continues to be the workdays where I fall short on my journaling activities. Sometimes, I come home at 2pm and nap until dinner. And I lose momentum in the evening, so... no journal.

The sooner I improve my GitDatNote project, the sooner I can journal during the day from my phone over the web.

---

No changes for Sydney and X as they're still in the hospital. The baby is 33 weeks old today and the doctor's goal is to get to week 34 before deciding whether to delivery early or continue waiting. It's surely frustrating for everyone involved. However, each day with no change improves the odds of a healthy baby.

---

Watching ASU v. Texas in the Peach Bowl. It's no halftime and ASU is down 17 to 3. The highly touted Texas defense is no joke as it has shut down the ASU offense for the most part. Add that to a potent Texas offense and I'm surprised the score differential isn't even larger.

---

Good news as I consdier using my Journal / Second Brain site as a blog too. The Eleventy Notes developer is working on [support for next and previous post navigation](https://deploy-preview-67--sensational-cranachan-4404c2.netlify.app/n/features/page-navigation/); something I want for the blog portion of the site.

I still have to figure out how to get blog posts only on the main page. I believe I can do this with a query by selecting only blog posts from the total collection of writing. But I'll have to test that. And I'll have to put a frontmatter tag / variable on the posts to find them with a query.

---

I don't do new year's resolutions, mainly because I focus on self-improvement throughout the year.

To that end, I started tracking my nutrition intake with MyFitnessPal (for now). I've also stopped drinking alcohol. And I've started to hit the treadmill for at least 30 minutes on a regular basis. I'm switching between walking and running during the session so I don't overdo it.
